**Performance Check #4:**

Performance Checkpoint 4 went quite well for our team, as we managed to get both the task specific bonus and the early completion bonus, a first for the group. We anticipated that this checkpoint would be the hardest to accomplish, as we believed our design would struggle to properly raise and drop the lever arm, so we were pleasantly surprised when we were able to complete the checkpoint to such a degree. Our mechanism design consists of a single powered arm that could lift the passport lever, but we were unsure of how we would properly navigate the angle change needed to rotate the lever and then drop it back to its resting position.

Our initial idea was to use a loop of small adjustments, moving forward/rotating a slight degree while also raising the arm slightly. While this did work during testing, it proved to be an over complicated solution and required movements with tight tolerances that we couldn’t guarantee. After making slight changes to this process, the group decided that a new method of raising and lowering the arm would have to be devised as this method relied on a fair bit of luck and precision. So, instead of small adjustments and movements, the team decided to lift the lever at a speed fast enough to flip the stamp and bounce the lever back down. In theory this would reduce the time for the entire task and require less precision when aligning and moving. Once the code was created, the method worked perfectly. The robot was able to approach the lever arm with greater tolerance and could lift it quick enough to flip the stamp and bounce the lever arm back down.

Besides changing the method, our group only ran into a small physical issue. During testing, the gear and axle loosened to the point that our secondary gear was angled and slipped off the drive gear. This was discovered when the arm began inconsistently raising during testing and was fixed by using hot glue to fix the axle and secondary gear together. We anticipate that this may be a short-term solution and that more testing will wear this down. If this happens the team will devise a permanent solution to reduce the tolerance of these pieces.

Overall, this checkpoint went exceedingly well when compared to previous ones. We attribute this to the fact that the physical attributes of the robot are complete, and so the only thing that needed to be developed and tested was the code/method. The team worked well together to complete this checkpoint before it was due and with the bonus, and we are confident in our ability to incorporate the method from this checkpoint when completing the whole course later in the semester.
